Split dependency section into required and optional (#70)
hashintel/hash: packages/engine/README.md

    rm -rf tmp # Delete the tmp folder
    ```
  * With the V8 folder containing `include` and `out.gn` you can then set the variable for your terminal session with `export V8_PATH=<path to folder>` or you can set it permanently by [adding it to your shell's environment](https://unix.stackexchange.com/questions/117467/how-to-permanently-set-environmental-variables)
  * Please also see [macOS Developer Specific Instructions](#macos-developer-specific-instructions) if you are running macOS

### Optional dependencies

* Python [3.7.x] is required, if you want to run a simulation with the python runner (i.e. have any python behaviors or _init.py_).
  > **Warning**: The Python runner currently is not supported by the CLI.
  * Python installation guidance from [their website](https://www.python.org/downloads/)

> * Flatbuffers [2.0.0] is required to generate structs in Javascript, Python, or Rust for messaging between processes in hCloude. If you provide your own behavior types, this is not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Flatbuffers [2.0.0] is required to generate structs in Javascript, Python, or Rust for messaging between processes in hCloud. Unless the schema files in [./format](./format) are changed (and thus require generation to be reran), flatc is not needed.
```
